
They enjoy the gifts of health and virtue.
I enjoy the calm beauty of the blue sky.
I enjoy the beauties of nature.
I enjoy playing football in the evening daily.
Go and enjoy yourself.
Did you enjoy your holiday?
Picnics are the best way to enjoy the simple pleasure of life and spent time with family.
One who walks in the morning can enjoy the beauty of nature, the smell of flowers and the chirping sound of birds.
Happy people enjoy what they have.
A greedy person cannot enjoy his life well.
Being ill, he cannot enjoy all the pleasures of life.
Children enjoy moving to and fro on the swings.
I enjoy my work and do my job whole heartedly.
A dependant cannot enjoy freedom.
We must enjoy ourselves in this life.
I enjoy myself in the company of my friends.
We did not enjoy the movie.
We generally enjoy sports and visit friends.
What did she enjoy doing?
I enjoy having a house in the suburbs.
What did he enjoy?
I always enjoy coffee after work.
They don’t enjoy it.
Let us enjoy the rain.
I enjoy spending time with my family.
Did you enjoy yourself at the party ?
We shall enjoy ourselves at week-end.
Everyone wants to enjoy life.
Children enjoy playing games.
May you enjoy good health my dear !
Whenever I go to the park I enjoy to listen the rustle of the leaves.
Let us enjoy the swing.
I enjoy good health.
I enjoy reading poetry.
I enjoy watching a good social film.
I enjoy a good reputation in the city.
We went to Shimla to enjoy ourselves.
We shall enjoy this match.
I am sure you will enjoy yourself.
I wish to enjoy this vacation with you.
I am sure you will enjoy your stay here.
He will enjoy prolonging this talk.
A sick man cannot enjoy the pleasures of life.
I enjoy a hearty bath for half an hour.
He could only half-enjoy his lunch.
We enjoy playing cricket.
Let us enjoy the swing.
He did not enjoy the movie.
I enjoy having friends.
She has gone to enjoy swing ride.
I enjoy the game of football.
It being a fine day, they went to the river to enjoy a picnic.
I enjoy reading detective stories.
Do not prove to be a fly in the ointment; let us enjoy the game.
I hope you enjoy your stay with us.
As a teenager, I spend my free time on what I enjoy doing.
Did you enjoy the party last night?
I enjoy reading novels.
I want to enjoy this moment.
I enjoy in the afternoon.
Only a healthy man can enjoy the beauties of life.
They enjoy themselves by singing and dancing.
All honest persons enjoy peace of mind which is true happiness.
You can enjoy this festival.
I enjoy freedom within limits.
He wanted to enjoy more time with his family.
Newspapers enjoy wide readership.
One should remain brave and enjoy life.
I sit in the shade of trees in summer and enjoy sunshine in winter.
What should human beings do to enjoy life ?
I enjoy a stroll in the garden both in the morning and in the evening.
I could not enjoy my afternoon nap as I was busy.
May you enjoy good health, my dear !
I allow him to enjoy such liberties and he does not cross the limit.
They enjoy a good style of living.
I always get up early in the morning and enjoy a walk in the countryside.
He always talks short so, I do not enjoy his company.
We often enjoy dreams during our night sleep.
We enjoy the sweet smell of flowers.
I invite you to enjoy next Sunday with my family
I am sure you will greatly enjoy the company of my friends.
I am sure that you will enjoy it.
Let us enjoy the swing.
I enjoy to play football.
I enjoy walking.
Did you enjoy the party?
We shall enjoy them together.
Did they enjoy their food ?
His ill health does not allow him to enjoy the beauty of nature.
Do you enjoy teaching?
Did you enjoy yourself?
Did you enjoy it?
I enjoy playing cards.
I enjoy watching the stars at night.
Did they not enjoy at the party.
I invite you to enjoy next Sunday with my family.
Let us enjoy the swing.
He could not enjoy it.
I’m sure you’ll enjoy our steak.
Do you enjoy writing letters?
He used to enjoy baseball.
I hope you enjoy yourself this evening.
Did you enjoy the party yesterday?
We enjoy watching TV.
A time will soon come when people can enjoy space travel.
Everyone has a right to enjoy his liberty.
Please enjoy your stay at this hotel.
My parents enjoy skiing every winter.
He seemed to enjoy his life and his work.
Even in rain and snow I enjoy mountain-climbing.
I don’t enjoy traveling in large groups.
I’m going to enjoy this.
My general attitude to life is to enjoy every minute of every day.
We can enjoy skiing here all the year round.
I really enjoy the climate.
I’m glad you enjoy skiing
Did you enjoy yourself?
Did you enjoy your meal?
Do you enjoy going on dates?
Tell me what do you enjoy doing in your spare time?
What kind of music do you enjoy listening to?
Did you enjoy the slide?
Do you enjoy being a bus driver?
I hope you enjoy it here.
I hope you enjoy the movie.
I really enjoy visiting museums and art galleries.
We enjoy it too!
Did you enjoy the people there?
Did you enjoy your vacation?
Do you enjoy warm or cold climates?
Enjoy your day off and don’t forget to study!
I enjoy drawing and painting.
I enjoy listening to all kinds of music.
I enjoy working there every year.
I hope you enjoy your purchase.
I would enjoy going there.
I’ll enjoy working with you.
I’m sure you’ll enjoy your workout sir.
Music is pointless if you don’t enjoy it.
Did you enjoy your stay here?
What did you enjoy the most?
Do you enjoy movies?
Have fun and enjoy your stay!
Enjoy and feel free to ask me any questions.
Enjoy driving your car!
Enjoy it!
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Enjoy your browsing.
Enjoy your food sir.
Enjoy your movie.
Enjoy your new car!
Enjoy your week!
Enjoy your year!
Enjoy yourself.
I hope you enjoy it.
I hope you enjoy living there.
I know you’ll enjoy it.
She walked outside to enjoy it.
Some people want to enjoy the work they do and pay is secondary.
He would enjoy it wholeheartedly.
She was born to enjoy luxuries.
I enjoy watching children play.
Did you enjoy yourself last evening?
Do they all enjoy such high speed development?
She used to enjoy being with him.
Does he enjoy watching horror movies?
He doesn’t enjoy family gatherings very much.
Did you enjoy your trip?
I like to go to a local jazz club where I can enjoy live music.
They enjoy it very much.
The mother sad May you enjoy good health my daughter !
There was no one who did not enjoy the party.
She turned off the lights so she could enjoy the moonlight.
I don’t enjoy hanging out with him.
How did you enjoy the concert?
They seem to enjoy it.
Did you enjoy your holiday?
I enjoy intellectual conversations.
Did you enjoy yourself at the theater?
Please enjoy yourself at the dance.
My brother seems to enjoy himself at college.
How did you enjoy your vacation?
I enjoy to play football.
Children enjoy themselves in merry-go-rounds.
I always enjoy a stroll in my garden in the morning and in the evening.
I enjoy walking.
He does not enjoy the confidence of people.
Women and children enjoy themselves in swings.
He couldn’t enjoy it.
Without Good health we cannot enjoy the charms of life.
They only want to enjoy holidays.
They come here to enjoy themselves.
Most of the people now enjoy most of the gifts of science and technology.
Children enjoy playing games.
They seem to enjoy it.
I enjoy watching this game.
I enjoy seeing statues and old paintings.
I enjoy seeing statues and old paintings.
He always runs in debt and enjoy themselves at the expense of other.
The dogs enjoy it.
