It was a lot of people hanging out around my room and police being called. The TV didn’t work.
The rooms were clean, very comfortable, and the staff was amazing. They went over and beyond to help make our stay enjoyable. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting downtown
They were extremely accommodating and allowed us to check in early at like 10am. We got to hotel super early and I didn’t wanna wait. So this was a big plus. The sevice was exceptional as well.
I had a wonderful experience at this hotel. Every staff member I encountered, from the valet to the check- in to the cleaning staff were delightful and eager to help! Thank you! Will recommend to my colleagues! 
The rooms stink. They are not clean. I requested a non smoking room and both rooms smelled like smoke. Bathrooms were gross and bugs were everywhere! ! The door did not seem secure and was not evened out so bugs got in easily. The second room was full of gnats.
The staff at this property are all great! They all go above and beyond to make your stay comfortable.
Took advantage of the downtown location to walk to dinner, check out a couple galleries, and have drinks. It was great. 
This is the perfect hotel for a weekend getaway in San Marcos.
I was told that my room would have several amenities like microwave and a.c. unfortunately There was only a mini fridge in my room and the air conditioner didn’t work at all which is and was a problem in 100⁰ weather.
First the lady that checks you in has a very bad attitude and is very rude, now the room was disgusting it was roached infested whoever is supposed to clean there doesn’t care they step on the roaches and leaves them there it was very dirty I wish I could upload the pictures I took and the videos, I couldn’t even sleep there I called the front desk and told them the lady said if you don’t like it leave I said yea I will just give me my money back she laughed and hung up I’ll never come back here again!!
Everything ! The place is horrendous and disgusting… I’m surprised they even have a business .. nothing seems up to code for 95$.
I got in the room and there was no heat. I called the front desk and they said they had to cut it on. I left for a few hours came back and heat still wasn’t on. First night I slept in my clothes to stay warm. In the morning I was woken up by extremely loud guest which seems like they were fighting.
The room smelled like cigarette smoke, the shower was disgusting, the toilet had cigarette ashes, the bed sheets were stained, the towels were stained, the floor felt greasy, the mirror was dirty and the overall hotel was very dirty.
The room was disgusting! Very dirty. You could see foot prints on the floor where other people walked!
The best hotel I’ve ever been privileged enough to stay at. Gorgeous building, and it only gets more breathtaking when you walk in. High quality rooms (there was even a tv by the shower), and high quality service. 
I have stayed at dozen of hotels in San Marcos. This was on the top of the list of best stays/experiences ever.
Room was dirty. Tub wasn’t clean there was someone else’s old dirty washcloth still hanging in the shower. 
I didn’t like anything. This place was so disgusting. Bugs everywhere, horrible customer service, worst experience ever.
Excellent property and very convenient to beach activities. Front desk staff is extremely efficient, pleasant and helpful.
The staff was incredibly helpful, and the amenities were great. The room was wonderful, clean, and perfect to celebrate a birthday weekend.
